Sorry Governor
You asked us to check your savior
Still no clue
Keep checking him but my benefactor is
Governor
Garden trimming loans
Why do you need to do it yourself?
I love these flowers and plants
You don't have to worry about that.
By the way, I let you go
Invite Miss Xia to the banquet
Don't forget.
Hey, I've woken up.
Go hi
Lily, are you wearing the latest Dior model?
Qi Shao is too kind to you, right?
Everyone in Jiang Province knows
Qi Shao has a Cinderella on the tip of his heart
Lily, when did you marry Qi Shao?
Xiangjiang Province announces the identity of your young grandmother
Soon, soon.
Ah!
Idiots don't have eyes, do they?
I'm really sorry.
If you don't mind, I'll pay you for a skirt.
You sanitation guy, can you afford it?
We Lily are Xi Shao's wife
It is a special guest invited by the Governor's Palace
You dare to offend the guests
Why don't I remember
I had him as a guest
You bad old man
Just a gardener, what do you know?
Hurry up and apologize to our Lily
Stop talking nonsense with him
Something invisible
Let me teach you a good lesson.
Stop it!
How can you join forces to bully an old man?
This old man got my skirt wet
I should teach him a lesson
The old man didn't do it on purpose
He's getting old.
If you get wet, it's easy to get sick.
You have to forgive others, forgive others
Too lazy to care about you
The business meeting will start soon, let's go
Old man, are you alright? I'm fine.
Thanks for helping me.
It's your little girl
Do you still remember me?
Ah old man, are you all right?
It was you
I haven't seen you in a few years. How is your health?
I'm fine, little girl, what's your name?
My name is Xia Zhu
I haven't seen you for years, I finally found you